Fixing formatting in EBS API Section (#134)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: docs/data-sources/ebs_snapshot.md

Reviewer: здесь и ниже в EBS форматирование не поправлено (д.б. оформлено как Example)

Reviewer: @PixarV Может так достаточно?
```suggestion
    * _Valid values:_ `project@customer` or `self`
```

Author: окей, тоже берем в работу

layout: "aws"
page_title: "aws_ebs_snapshot"
description: |-

>   Provides information about the snapshot.

Reviewer: тут тогда тоже "a" как ниже

# Data Source: aws_ebs_snapshot

> Provides information about a snapshot.

Reviewer 2: Еще нужно поправить в служебном блоке выше

}
```

## Argument reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `filter` - (Optional, [Block](#filter)) One or more name/value pairs to use as filters.
    * _Valid values:_ See supported names and values in [EC2 API documentation][describe-snapshots]
* `most_recent` - (Optional, Boolean) Indicates whether to use the most recent snapshot if more than one result is returned.

>     * _Valid values:_ `false`, `true`

Reviewer 2: Можно не указывать, это понятно из типа данных

    * _Default value:_ `false`
* `owners` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of the snapshot owners.

>     * _Valid values:_ `project@customer` or `self`

Reviewer: мы допускаем or, но когда рядом смотрится странно (см. выше `most_recernt`)
может все-таки отказаться от or

* `restorable_by_user_ids` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of the project IDs (`project@customer`), in which volumes can be created from a snapshot.
* `snapshot_ids` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of the snapshot IDs.

### filter

* `name` - (Required, String) The name of the filter.
    * _Constraints:_ Filter names are case-sensitive
* `values` - (Required, List of strings) One or more filter values.
    * _Constraints:_ Filter values are case-sensitive

## Attribute reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the snapshot.
* `description` - (String) The description for the snapshot.
* `id` - (String) The ID of the snapshot.
    * _Example:_ `snap-12345678`
* `owner_alias` - (String) The alias of the snapshot owner.

> * `owner_id` - (String) The ID of the project owning the snapshot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `owner_id` - (String) The ID of the project that owns the snapshot.
```

> * `owner_alias` - (String) The alias of the snapshot owner.

Reviewer: д.б. быть перед owner_id

> * `filter` - (Optional) One or more name/value pairs to use as filters.

Reviewer 2: Нужен тип

и для других ebs датасорсов

    * _Valid values:_ See supported names and values in [EC2 API documentation][describe-snapshots]
* `most_recent` - (Optional) (Bool) If more than one result is returned, use the most recent snapshot.
    * _Default value:_ `false`
* `owners` - (Optional) (List of strings) List of the snapshot owners.
    * _Valid values:_ `project@customer` or `self`
* `restorable_by_user_ids` - (Optional) (List of strings) List of the project IDs (`project@customer`), in which volumes can be created from a snapshot.

> * `snapshot_ids` - (Optional) (String) Returns information on a snapshot ID.

Reviewer 2: Список строк. + можно попоправить описание на `List of the snapshot IDS`

## Attribute Reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the snapshot.
* `description` - (String) A description for the snapshot.
* `id` - (String) The ID of the snapshot.
    * _Example:_ `snap-12345678`
* `owner_id` - (String) The ID of the project owning the snapshot.
* `owner_alias` - (String) The alias of the snapshot owner.
* `snapshot_id` - (String) The ID of the snapshot.
    * _Example:_ `snap-12345678`
* `state` - (String) The snapshot state.

> * `tags` - (Map of tags) Key-value assigned to the snapshot.

Reviewer 2: map of strings + поправить описание

Применимо ко всем параметрам `tags` и `tags_all` в ресурсах и датасорсах из раздела ebs

Договаривались о таком описании:
атрибут:
- tags: * `tags` - Map of tags assigned to the **resource**.
- tags_all: * `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the **resource**, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags].

аргумент (ресурс): * `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the **resource**. If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

aргумент (датасорс): * `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags, each pair of which must exactly match a pair on the desired **resource[s]**.

**resource** меняется на конкретный ресурс.

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EBS snapshot.

> * `id` - The ID of the snapshot.

Reviewer 2: Нужно отсортировать по алфавиту

    * _Example:_ `snap-12345678`
* `snapshot_id` - The ID of the snapshot.
    * _Example:_ `snap-12345678`

> * `description` - A description for the snapshot.

Reviewer 2: Все остальные атрибуты с The)

> * `description` - A description for the snapshot.

Reviewer 2: Нужно отсортировать
